Part 1: OHKO check
	default option
	
	UI basics
		boss on left, user on right
		battlefield conditions
		damage calculations
	
	boss options
		stars - determines level, also hp multiplier?
		pokemon
		tera
		IVs - default "unknown" assume perfect HP, Def, and SpDef
			popdown option to manually select IVs by value or by judge keywords
				if keywords, assume highest in range
		nature - unknown should be a custom 'nature' that assumes +Def and +SpDef
		ability - unknown should only warn about ability variation if it actually makes a difference
			show multiple damage ranges with ability clearly shown as the difference
	
	user options
		pokemon - pop down selector with adjacent recommendations pop down selector
			grey out recommendations if no boss selected VS general recommendations for common OHKO mons
		tera type - default to first type
			tick box for terrastalized
		level - default 100
		IVs/EVs/Total - default "best" assume perfect IV and full EV for Att and SpAtt
			popdown option to manually fill in by value or by judge keywords
				Base is calculated from pokemon and level, can't edit
				IVs default to max value, type in value or judge keyword
					if keyword, assume lowest in range
				EVs default to max in Att and SpAtt
					allow entering too many total EV, but warn
				Totals can be edited, if value is input for total, change IV/EV to "-"
		nature - default "best" should be a custom 'nature' that assumes +Att and +SpAtt
		ability - default to hidden ability
			pop down show standard 3, gap, then full list
		item
	
	battlefield conditions
		terrain
		weather
		chinese quad effects
		helping hand
			option to click for 1/2/3, warn that it doesn't stack if they chose 2/3
		steely spirit - 1/2/3
		power spot
			does this stack? does it reach whole team?
		status
		stat changes
		attack cheer
		charge
	
	move
		default to highest power move known at level 100
		sort moves alphabetically, 4 lists?
			level
				alphabetical VS by level?
				if level is set below 100, grey out moves that won't be learned yet
			egg moves
			TM
				include TM number for searching
			can't learn
				if this is included, they will be all grey or something
				some kind of warning/condition for copying other moves?
				probably just skip this section and have an extra popdown for moves like copycat
		show power, type, and phys/spec
			can these be changed?
			special cases come with extra option VS always option to change?
		crit tick box
		option to add move to compare
			max 10 compare?
			X to left of 2-10 for easy removal
		show damage range to right of selected move as % of total boss HP
		optional start boss at less than 100% ?
			warn if shield would come up
	
	save loadout option includes boss and user




Part 2: Raid sim
	advanced option - develop this after Part 1 is done
	
	UI Basics
		boss on left, user(s) on right
			4 move slots/user
		turn order
	
	boss options - same as above
		stars - determines level, also hp multiplier?
		pokemon
		tera
		IVs - default "unknown" assume perfect HP, Def, and SpDef
			popdown option to manually select IVs by value or by judge keywords
				if keywords, assume highest in range
		nature - unknown should be a custom 'nature' that assumes +Def and +SpDef
		ability - unknown should only warn about ability variation if it actually makes a difference
			show multiple damage ranges with ability clearly shown as the difference
	
	user(s) options
		something something complicated backend to allow you to choose moves and then get list of pokemon recommendations
	
	move order
		choose user, move, and target
			user not necessary, but if selected, run boss attack calculations assuming most effective move against target
		auto-insert break whenever boss would do something
			7* seem to always use a specific move at the beginning
			shield damage calculations
		add randoms at some point down the line?
